[SONG: I bought hiking shoes but I'm not planning to hike].
SANDMANN: To my left in a brown shirt sits aba.
[SONG: I have lanterns worth as much as a
VW golf, but I'm not a security guard].
ABA: And to my right in a blue shirt sits Sandmann.
[SONG: I have a rope, hook and eye, but I'm not a climber].
BOTH: And together we are Dosenfischer.
SANDMANN: We call it fishing for cans, or geocaching. It's a family hobby...
Well, famous isn't really the right word
but there are a few people who know us,
because we've run a Podcast for the past 3.5 years.
We are sitting pretty much in the center of Schwerin.
Behind us is the famous castle, the Schwerin castle.
ABA: And, of course, there is a geocache over there.
We started the hobby relatively early.
because geocaching was not yet established at the time.
Let's go and search!
Back then I did not know any geocachers.
If you had asked me as a little boy,
I would have said that geocachers are something like aliens, right?
ABA: Ah, here!
ABA: No.  SANDMANN: No
ABA: I came across geocaching, and found it totally exciting
I tried it out and was laughed at.
Tom did not find the hobby as exciting as I did.
but you still got hooked on it at some point.
ABA: Found! SANDMANN: What?!
SANDMANN: How pretty!
SANDMANN: I bought a GPS device and then I was
sitting at home on the couch and thought,
'It's not doing anything'
and then, somehow I figured out you have to
move in order to see the result.
and so I took it out with my family,
and my wife said, 'Man, all of a sudden
I can actually go walking with you.'
The family peace was established, and geocaching won me over.
ABA: Oh, look there's even a Trackable.
ABA: Good.  Depart!  SANDMANN: Depart!
[SONG: I fish for cans (Sundays, weekdays, day
and night, I follow the compass needle).]
[SONG: I fish for cans (crates, boxes, large
and small, in the countryside and Autobahn)]
ABA: When we started geocaching,
that was something we never could have imagined doing.
Many things simply happen, they are not planned.
[SONG: I fish for cans!]
[APPLAUSE]
This is how concerts happen, this is how CDs happen.
That is a development.
We have fun with it and that is why we do it.
And we will keep on doing it as long as it's fun.
[SONG: I feel so micro-o-o-o-oh].
[I'm the silent majority].
[I don't blow anyone's socks off].
[I'm no one's friend, they just come to log].
[I'm a micro].
ABA: At the moment we have more than enough songs.
We have some songs in the pipeline.
Currently there are 25 songs and 25 titles with different themes.
We sing about nightcaching.
[SONG: Out into the night! Out into the night!]
We sing about a 'better hider'
[SONG: But Ronny was a better hider!]
We sing about Lost Places.
[SONG: A staircase leads down].
[An iron door creaks].
ABA: And we have it all on CD
SANDMANN: On one CD.  ABA: Right.
ABA: And the second is on it's way.  SANDMANN: Right.
SANDMANN: We have also asked ourselves that in the Podcast
whether we will ever run out of themes,
because we are talking about a very narrow topic.
Then it occurred to us that this game is very close to life,
and the material can never run out.
ABA: When we are on the road, when we meet people,
it is also their stories that are partially reflected in our songs.
So it's not just our own experience, but
also the experience of others.
and there is plenty of material for many many more songs.
[SONG: I never thought the day would come].
[I never thought you'd become a Geogroupie, *08].
SANDMANN: And then, what do we do in 5 years?
ABA: If all goes well, we will still
be having fun with what we're doing.
Things that revolve around geocaching, whether it is the blog,
the podcast, the music, or who knows what else.
SANDMANN: It is little bit like during the Oscars that
at this point I have to say,
that this whole thing would not have been possible
without the many great people who we've met.
[SONG: We call it searching for cans, or geocaching].
[It's a family hobby, it's a family hobby!]
[SPECIAL THANKS TO:]